Showering makes you more creative
Dolphins have been trained to be used in wars.
Playing the accordion was once required for teachers in North Korea.
Children's medicine once contained morphine.
Plastic Easter eggs and plastic Easter grass were invented by a man who holds more patents than Thomas Edison.
Water makes different pouring sounds depending on its temperature.
Most laughter isn't because things are funny.
One man has saved more than 200 people from suicide.
Our European ancestors were cannibals.
Dogs actually understand some English.
You have a nail in your body.
Koalas have fingerprints.
Humans are just one of the estimated 8.7 million species on Earth.
Riding a roller coaster could help you pass a kidney stone.
Dinosaurs lived on every continent.
Bee hummingbirds are so small they get mistaken for insects.
Sea lions can dance to a beat.
Rolls-Royce makes the most expensive car in the world.
The famed "Typhoid Mary" infected more than 50 people by cooking for them.
The legend of the Loch Ness Monster goes back nearly 1,500 years.
Nutmeg can be fatally poisonous.
Chinese police use geese squads.
The first iPhone wasn't made by Apple.
The Comic Sans font came from an actual comic book.
For 100 years, maps have shown an island that doesn't exist.
The man who wrote Dracula never visited Transylvania.
The Australian government banned the word "mate" for a day.
A tick bite can make you allergic to red meat.
Tornadoes can cause "fish rain".
Pigs are constitutionally protected in Florida.
Sweat doesn't actually stink.
Some planets produce diamond rain.
Sharks can live for five centuries.
There's an entire town under a rock.
It is illegal to sell a "bounceless" pickle to somebody in Connecticut.
The Bermuda Triangle isn't any more likely to cause a mysterious disappearance than anywhere else.
There's a world record—and a happy ending—for the greatest distance thrown in a car accident.
You can sneeze faster than a cheetah can run.
The fire hydrant patent was lost in a fire.
One man once survived two atomic bombs.
The cast of Friends still earns around $20 million each year.
Pluto technically isn't even a year old (turning 1 in March 23, 2178)
Cows kill more Americans each year than sharks do.
Newborns don't have kneecaps.
In Germany, people help toads cross the road.
Cheetahs don't roar.
France has a dozen time zones.
The majority of Americans choose dogs over love.
The first Star Wars was expected to be a flop.
Your liver can regrow itself in three weeks.
A 70-year-old woman once completed seven marathons in seven days, across all seven continents.
Dogs like squeaky toys because it's similar to the sound of killing prey
One man was once constipated for nearly two months.
Canada once heavily targeted LGBTQ individuals.
Baby blue whales grow 200 pounds per day.
Cats once delivered mail in Belgium.
It's a myth that people are either "left-brained" or "right-brained."
There's a textbook written entirely by an AI author.
There's an entire family in Italy that feels almost no pain.
Guinea pigs were once sacrificed wearing earrings and necklaces and wrapped like sushi.
Scientists were able to take a picture of an atom's shadow.
The Twitter bird's name is Larry.
The longest book title contains 1,809 words.
Allergy season is getting longer and more intense each year.
There's a reason there's a hole in your pen caps (in case you swallow it or the ink leaks out)
You can learn the High Valyrian language from Game of Thrones with an online course.
Some Maryland residents are taxed for the rain.
The U.S. almost went to war with Canada over a pig.
Tornados used to be called "twirlblasts" and "twirlwinds" in the 18th century.
Eating your offspring may be a sign of good parenting in some species.
Jupiter's red spot is getting taller and smaller at the same time.
There is a technical name for the "fear of long words" which is hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia
Hunting unicorns is legal in Michigan.
Someone actually paid $10,000 for invisible artwork.
Cows moo with regional accents.
A U.S. town had a 3-year-old mayor.
The Cookie Monster has a real name (Sid)
China censored the word for "censorship."
Vending machines are bigger threats to humanity than sharks.
The blob of toothpaste that sits on your toothbrush has a name. Its called a nurdle
You can hire scary clowns to terrify children.
Flowers like Viagra.
Terrorist instructions were once replaced with cupcakes.
There's an American town with a population of one.
In 2012, a man wore 60 shirts and nine pairs of jeans on an 11-and-a-half hour flight from China to Africa because he didn't want to pay the extra baggage fee.
A town in Washington has a treetop bridge over a busy road that's just big enough for squirrels.
Maneesh Sethi, a computer programmer, hired a woman (at $8 an hour) to slap him in the face every time he tried checking Facebook during working hours!
There's a village in southern Norway actually named "Hell."
7 percent of Christian Americans pray for a parking spot!
There's a highway in Lancaster, California, that plays the "William Tell Overture"—or the theme from "The Lone Ranger"—whenever cars drive over it at 55 mph.
If you spliced them all together, there are exactly 26 minutes of quiet staring in the movie Twilight.
Lobsters communicate with their bladders.
New Zealand man had his name legally changed to "Full Metal Havok More Sexy N Intelligent Than Spock And All The Superheroes Combined With Frostnova."
High heels were originally for men.
You are 13.8 percent more likely to die on your birthday.
Playing dance music can help ward off mosquitoes.
The King of Hearts is the only king in a deck of cards without a mustache.
A Greek-Canadian man invented the "Hawaiian" pizza.
If you open your eyes in a pitch-black room, the color you'll see is called "eigengrau."
Cats can't taste sweet things because of a genetic defect.
It's possible to turn peanut butter into diamonds.
A group of hippos is called a "bloat."
Pogonophobia is the fear of beards.
Alaska is the only state whose name is on one row on a keyboard.
The average adult spends more time on the toilet than they do exercising.
Your fingernails grow faster on your dominant hand.
A "jiffy" is about one trillionth of a second.
Dragonflies have six legs but can't walk.
Golf balls tend to have 336 dent thingies
Montpelier, Vermont, is the only U.S. capital without a McDonald's.
Mulan has the highest kill-count of any Disney character.
A frigate bird can sleep while it flies.
Jupiter is twice as massive as all the other planets combined.
Your body contains about 100,000 miles of blood vessels.
The little dot above a lowercase "i" and "j" is called a "tittle"
The average American spends about 2.5 days a year looking for lost items.
If you plug your nose, you can't tell the difference between an apple, a potato, and an onion.
Punctuation wasn't always a part of our written language.
The infinity sign is called a lemniscate.
Taco Bell was named after its owner, Glen Bell.
You can't hunt camels in Arizona.
The corpse of the inventor of Pringles is buried in a human sized Pringles can.
The largest scrambled eggs ever made weighed nearly 3.5 tons.
Dr. Seuss invented the word "nerd."
"Spoonfeed" is the longest English word with its letters in reverse alphabetical order.
There's a city called "Rome" on every continent except Antarctica
Octopuses and squid have three hearts.
The first email was sent by Ray Tomlinson to himself in 1971.
Cap'n Crunch's full name is Captain Horatio Magellan Crunch.
Movie trailers got their name because they were originally shown after the movie.
People used to answer the phone by saying "ahoy" instead of "hello."
An earthquake have shrunk Mount Everest.
The tool used to measure your feet at the shoe store is called a "Brannock Device."
When 20 mice were sent up to the International Space Station, they started to suddenly run in loops around their cage after just a week
Queen Elizabeth II is a trained mechanic.
The average American produces 4.5 pounds of trash per day.
One man set a world record by putting on 260 T-shirts at once.
Dolphins give each other names.
Sloths can hold their breath for longer than dolphins.
There is only one walled city in North America.
Ravens know when someone is spying on them.
You produce about six pounds of poop per week.
Around 16 million people alive today are direct descendants of Genghis Khan.
The cheesiest pizza ever was topped with 154 varieties of cheese.
The most common password is "123456."
The average person has four to six dreams a night.
The U.S. Air Force introduced Bob Ross to painting.
In old Christian art, good angels were red and Satan was blue.
The first Nerf ball package claimed the toy "can't hurt babies or old people."
The tallest supported bamboo sculpture is more than 164-feet high.
A Harry Potter book filled with typos sold for $90,000.
A British teen changed his name to "Captain Fantastic Faster Than Superman Spiderman Batman Wolverine Hulk And The Flash Combined."
According to the Bible, the chicken came before the egg.
Scientists discovered the fossil of a 430-million-year-old monster.
The Bubonic plague encouraged Shakespeare to write poetry.
Grapes light on fire in the microwave.
Chewing gum is banned in Singapore.
The average U.S. household has 300,000 things in it.
The 1939 novel Gadsby is the longest book ever published that doesn't contain the letter 'e.'
The first item sold on eBay was a broken laser pointer.
Bubble wrap was originally invented as wallpaper.
Shakespeare invented more than 1,700 words.
Einstein's brain was stolen when he died.
A single watermelon once sold for $6,125.
A Brazilian man was killed in bed when a cow fell through the roof and landed on him.
The top speed of the winning car in the first U.S. race was seven miles per hour.
Antarctica is covered in a sheet of ice that's 7,000 feet thick.
"Arachibutyrophobia" is the fear of peanut butter sticking to the roof of your mouth.
Crowds at one Louisiana State University football game once cheered so loudly that it registered as an earthquake on a local seismograph.
One of the largest pyramids in the world is a Bass Pro Shops in Memphis, Tennessee.
Scientists once gave mice night vision using nanoparticles.
Ironing clothes is an actual sport.
There's a Starbucks cup in every shot in the movie Fight Club.
Birds in Minnesota get drunk off of berries.
Lady Liberty wears a size 879 shoe.
There's a planet that's shaped like a potato (Haumea)
There are 118 ridges on the side of a dime.
Daniel Radcliffe went through nearly 70 wands and 160 pairs of glasses during the making of the *Harry Potter *films.
It would cost $18.3 million to make a replica Darth Vader suit.
"Q" is the only letter that doesn't appear in any U.S. state name.
You can get your eyeballs tattooed.